Improve README (#109)
bioimage-io/spec-bioimage-io: README.md

| source | recommended | url to the source of the resource |
| download_url | recommended | url to the zipped file if applicable |
| git_repo | recommended | url to the git repo  |
| license | recommended | the license name for the resource, e.g.: `MIT`  |
| tags | recommended | a list of tags  |
| covers | recommended | a list of url to the cover images (aspect ratio width/height=2/1)  |
| attachments | optional | a group of attachments, list of resources grouped by keys  |
| authors | optional | the full list of author names  |
| badges | optional | a list of badges|
| cite | optional | how to cite the resource |
| documentation | optional | url to the documentation in markdown format  |
| icon | optional | an icon for the resource  |
| links | optional | a list of linked resources, an id to other resources|
| version | optional | the version number for the resource, starting from `0.1.0`  |

## Recommendations

 * Describing AI models in the model-specific spec (i.e. [model RDF](./generated/bioimageio_model_spec.md)) instead of the generic RDF. Only fallback to the generic RDF if writing model specific RDF is not possible for some reason.

>  * The RDF or package file name should not space or special characters, it should be concise, descriptive, in kebab case or camel case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The RDF or package file name should not contain spaces or special characters, it should be concise, descriptive, in kebab case or camel case.
```

>  * Due to the limitations of storage services such as Zenodo which does not support subfolders, it is recommended to place other files in the same directory level of the RDF file and try to avoid using subdirectories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Due to the limitations of storage services such as Zenodo, which does not support subfolders, it is recommended to place other files in the same directory level of the RDF file and try to avoid using subdirectories.
```
